# C2U10_1016_PPT-4hex


---

## Slide 1

### Instructional Practices| Unit 10: Putting It All Together| Lesson 10.16

- Professional Portfolio: Personal Philosophy Feedback and Refinement
- This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 4.0 International License.

---

## Slide 2

### TEKS Standards & Objectives

- TEKS 1C, 13A, 13B
- The student will:
- Write a personal education philosophy to be included as an artifact in a professional portfolio
- 2

---

## Slide 3

### Bellringer

- In this lesson you will receive peer feedback on your personal philosophy statement.
- Review your personal philosophy statement and identify a specific question or area on which you would like to receive feedback from a peer.
- 3

---

## Slide 4

### Effective Peer Feedback

- 4
- Kind
- Feedback that is supportive and given with good intentions.
- Specific
- Give detailed examples of what met expectations for the task and what did not
- Helpful
- Feedback identifies what might need to be done to improve the piece of work

---

## Slide 5

### T-A-G Strategy

- 5
- T-  Tell me something that you like about the work.
- How did this work specifically meet or exceed expectations as outlined in the success criteria?
- A- Ask a question.
- What is unclear about the work? What might be missing?
- G- Give a suggestion.
- Provide a suggestion for improvement based on the question identified on the peer feedback form.

---

## Slide 6

### Exit Ticket

- Did you change and/or refine your personal philosophy statement because of the peer feedback that you received today? If so, describe how.  If not, discuss why you chose not to make changes.
- Describe how it felt to provide peer feedback to another student on their personal philosophy statement.  What about it was challenging? What about it was easy?
- What do you need to do next to finalize your personal philosophy statement to include in your portfolio?
- 6
