# C2U10_1014_SGAK-34k4


## Student Guide – Answer Key

### Lesson 10.14: Professional Portfolio | Interviewing

Name:
Date:
Bellringer:
Respond to one of the following questions:
- Think of a time when you saw an interview and were impressed by the person being interviewed. Why were you impressed?
- Why do employers conduct interviews with people when they make hiring decisions?
Write about a time when you were interviewed for a job.
Responses will vary.


Notes: The Importance of Interviews
- Just as you need to put your best foot forward in written form, you also need to be able to prepare and present appropriately for program and/or job interviews.
- More than anything, an interview is an opportunity to show your best self. It takes preparation, thoughtful self-presentation, and thinking on your feet.



Notes: Best Practices for Interviews



Practice 1: Develop Your Why
When thinking about your why, consider:
Are you inspired by a teacher who changed your life? What did this teacher do?
How do you want your future students to describe you?
What impact do you want to have on your future students’ lives?
What is most exciting about being a teacher?



Practice 2: Role-Play in Groups
Possible follow-up questions include:
Can you describe a specific experience that led you to pursue this career?
If you had to describe your excitement about this career in one word, what would it be?
How do you intend to share your reasons for teaching with your future students?
What makes you most nervous about pursuing this career?
How will you respond when this career is challenging?


Homework: Tips for Interviews
Write down the three tips you receive for interviews in the education and training field.


















| 1 | Research the position and school and/or program |
| --- | --- |
| 2 | Plan out what you want the interviewers to know about you |
| 3 | Plan for how to respond to concerns that the interviewers might have |
| 4 | Have some well-developed questions ready |
| 5 | Practice |
| 6 | Know your why |


| Why I Want to Pursue a Career in Education & Training Remember: You should be able to say your why in about two minutes! Responses will vary. |
| --- |
