# C2U10_1010_PPT-rl9h


---

## Slide 1

### Instructional Practices| Unit 10: Putting It All Together| Lesson 10.10

- Professionalism, Presentation, and Conduct
- This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 4.0 International License.

---

## Slide 2

### TEKS Standards & Objectives

- TEKS: 1I, 11A, 11B, 11C
- The student will:
- Describe professional conduct, dress, and communication as essential responsibilities of an educator
- Identify and describe practices in professional conduct, dress, and communication
- 2

---

## Slide 3

### Bellringer

- Read the following quote from American philosopher Ralph Waldo Emerson and explain what it means about the teaching profession.
- "The great teacher is not the (person) who supplies the most facts, but the one in whose presence we become different people."
- 3

---

## Slide 4

### Vocabulary


| Professionalism | The qualities, behaviors, and attitudes a person exhibits on the job |
| --- | --- |

- 4

---

## Slide 5

### Characteristics of Teachers Who Act Professionally


| Stay organized and starting on time | Are clear about expectations |
| --- | --- |
| Model how to conduct oneself in a classroom | Are task oriented |
| Are respectful | Set boundaries and rules and reinforce those rules |
| Are kind, welcoming and enthusiastic | Address conflict with grace and care |
| Dress and present in a professional manner |  |

- 5

---

## Slide 6

### Exit Ticket

- Read the scenario below and answer the questions that follow.
- Mrs. R. is working in her classroom after-school when one of her students stops by. The student explains that he “can’t understand” the way that his math teacher explains the content, but that he can “always understand” how Mrs. R. teaches. He asks Mrs. R. to help him with his math homework. Mrs. R. starts to assist him and explains that his math teacher is new and probably still struggling with how to teach well.
- How did Mrs. R. act professionally?
- How did Mrs. R. act unprofessionally?
- How could Mrs. R. have acted more professionally?
- 6
