# C2U10_1013_SG-h5hs


## Student Guide

### Lesson 10.13: Professional Portfolio | Cover Letters, Admissions Essays, and Personal Statements

Name:
Date:
Bellringer:
Five Minute Free Write: What about you makes you unique? What skills, interests, talents, are you most proud of?





Understanding Personal Statements:
What are Personal Statements?


Key Considerations for Writing Personal Statements:
- Research the Position/Program/Place/Opportunity
- What do they value?
- What are they looking for?
- How does this align with your values and what you want to do?

- Examine Your Skills
- List the skills and experiences that match the values and needs of the program or position.
- Determine how your skills and experience can make that program/position better.


- Top Three Skills
- Review the list of skills you created in step 2 and select three that you feel most strongly align with the values and needs of the organization as well as with your goals.
- These three skills will inform your body paragraphs in your personal statement.
Writing a Personal Statement:
Use the space below to draft your personal statement. Be sure to include the name of the program/school/job/scholarship to which you are applying.
I'm writing to apply for the _______. I value the program's commitment to _____, and am confident that my skills and experience are a good match.
Body 1
Body 2
Body 3
The closing paragraph will vary dependent on the type of statement, but it should reiterate their skills and how they would benefit the program if given the opportunity.
