# C2U10_1012_PPT-nr8w


---

## Slide 1

### Instructional Practices| Unit 10: Putting It All Together| Lesson 10.12

- Professional Portfolio | Introduction and Components
- This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 4.0 International License.

---

## Slide 2

### TEKS Standards & Objectives

- TEKS: 13A, 13B
- The student will:
- Identify and plan for the elements of the professional portfolio
- Articulate the purpose of a professional portfolio
- 2

---

## Slide 3

### Bellringer

- Consider what you have learned in this course. What has been most impactful for you? How would you like to showcase that for yourself, your classmates, and others who may see your portfolio?
- 3

---

## Slide 4

### Portfolio Requirements

- 4
- Evidence of skills that you have learned and practiced.
- Artifacts that you have produced while in Instructional Practices.
- Reflections on what you have learned this year.
- Your Personal Philosophy of Education.
- Future Goals.

---

## Slide 5

### Portfolio Components

- 5
- Table of Contents
- Personal Philosophy of Education
- What strengths do I bring that will help me become a teacher?
- What are my areas of growth?
- Why does being a teacher matter?
- What do I believe are the central tenants of good teaching? What do good teachers do?
- What subjects and/or grade levels do I want to consider teaching?
- Video evidence from at least two sample teaching experiences within the class

---

## Slide 6

### Portfolio Components Cont.

- 6
- 4. Written reflection on the practice teaching experiences (Component 3)
- 5. Behavior Management Plan (from Unit 2)
- 6. Written Reflections including:
- a)Mentee Questions
- b) Steps to Becoming a Teacher chart and potential plan
- 7) Three classroom artifacts (from Instructional Practices) that represent your best work.
- 8) Your goals for considering and pursuing an education career.

---

## Slide 7

### Exit Ticket

- What are the elements you will include in your professional portfolio?
- How will the portfolio help you as a prospective educator?
- 7
